1. Forgot password

do this - child without email wants to reset pin and they enter their username in forgot PIN page.
1. Send the family email (should reach the parent) an email saying 'Your child <username> has forgotten their PIN for Pennybox. You can reset it for them by logging into Pennybox, going to their profile and changing it for them'.
2. Parent logs in, goes to child's profile, presses change PIN - trigger Cognito verification code to parents email for that child and show reset pop up
3. Parent changes child's pin
4. Parent then shares the new pin with the child, and child logs in.

2. Send email logic
Sendinblue login details
Username: hello@pennybox.com
Password: Penny6666

For these automated emails related to account info/password reset, verification etc,
please use `noreply@pennybox.com`

For any informational emails like Welcome to Pennybox etc
(which is already there and needs to be plugged into the new back end), use `hello@pennybox.com`


3. Job create/edit permission
Job creator + any parent can edit all job details, including photo while status is not started.
Job creator + any parent can only edit title and photo after starting and before completed and paid status. Cannot edit amount or allocated child.
Job creator can delete any task while status is not started.
Any parent can delete any task before status is completed and paid.


4. Cash balance

Two ways for cash balances to reduce right now:

1. Parent goes to a child's profile screen and clicks 'pay cash' and enters an amount.
That amount is removed immediately, no approval required,
but with a notification to the child.
This is where a parent is buying something for their child and
but the child is paying for it.

2. Child, in their app profile page clicks 'request cash' and enters an amount.
It doesn't reduce the balance immediately in the child's account,
but is sent for an approval from the parent (notification to parent).
If the parent approves, the balance is reduced for that child and
the child receives a notification saying its been approved and to collect the cash.

2a. In the future, same as scenario 2 above, but a parent can also reject the request.
  Then the amount is not reduced and a notification is sent to child saying it was rejected.
  There is no front end button for this yet but we can add that easily.
2b. In the future, we'll show pending cash out requests on the child's profile -
  a child will be able to click into it and cancel it if it hasn't already been approved/rejected.

A note: say a child has a $3 balance and sends a request for $2 but hasn't been approved yet.
Before that approval their balance still shows $3, so they can send another request for $2.
If both are approved at the same time by the parent,
then the child's balance goes into negative -$1 which is not allowed.
Right now we handle this on the front end,
but it'd be useful in the future to have an check in the back end
for Actual Balance - Pending Withdrawals = Available Balance.
So any check before a child can send a request under scenario 2 would be on available balance.
